
Paul has a {:badgeType} account
Paul Dickinson 
 He/Him  2nd degree connection2nd
Director of Operations at GAMERS TAG | ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 | PKL10 | Sports Consultant | International Kickboxing Player | Fitness trainer | Professional Athlete | Ex Infosys,FinIQ | AISTS'22

AISTS INDIA
Pune, Maharashtra, India  Contact info
500+ connections


Joshua Kanatt, Alen joshy, and 3 other mutual connectionsJoshua Kanatt, Alen joshy, and 3 other mutual connections

Connect

Message

More
Hiring: 2D-Graphic Design Intern & 1 other
GAMERS TAG · Kochi, Kerala, India (Remote) · 370 days ago

Show both jobs

HighlightsHighlights
GAMERS TAG logo
You both work at GAMERS TAG
You both work at GAMERS TAG
Paul started at GAMERS TAG 1 year and 10 months after you didPaul started at GAMERS TAG 1 year and 10 months after you did
Message
AboutAbout
A competent and hard working professional with a Bachelor's degree in IT Engineering and Masters degree in Sports Management. Looking forward to combine my IT and Business knowledge with my passion of Sports and significantly improving my skills, comprehension and networking within Sports Industry.
Apart from my work experience I was also part of Indian Kickboxing team from 2017 to 2019. I have represented India in 2017,2018 Asian Kickboxing Championship and various other international tournaments.
My expertise is to plan, organize and execute sport events. Skilled in Accreditation, Event operations and Planning, Sports Management, Program Management, and Project Management. I fervently believe that India is an untapped sports powerhouse and I want do my bit to change that.A competent and hard working professional with a Bachelor's degree in IT Engineering and Masters degree in Sports Management. Looking forward to combine my IT and Business knowledge with my passion of Sports and significantly improving my skills, comprehension and networking within Sports Industry. Apart from my work experience I was also part of Indian Kickboxing team from 2017 to 2019. I have represented India in 2017,2018 Asian Kickboxing Championship and various other international tournaments. My expertise is to plan, organize and execute sport events. Skilled in Accreditation, Event operations and Planning, Sports Management, Program Management, and Project Management. I fervently believe that India is an untapped sports powerhouse and I want do my bit to change that.…see more
Top skills
Top skills
People Management • Fitness Training • Team Leadership • Team Building • Project Management
People Management • Fitness Training • Team Leadership • Team Building • Project Management
ActivityActivity
3,965 followers3,965 followers


Posts

Comments
Loaded 9 Posts posts
Paul’s profile photo
Paul Dickinson reposted this


GAMERS TAGGAMERS TAG
23,226 followers23,226 followers
1mo •  1 month ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
Breaking news from GAMERS TAG for the gaming world! 📣
On May 17, 2025, GAMERS TAG will launch its all-in-one Super App, set to revolutionize gaming and esports.

Here’s who should be excited:

🎮 Gamers: Anyone passionate about playing games, whether on PC, console, or mobile.
👾 Game Developers & Publishers: The creative minds building and bringing games to market.
🏷️ Gaming Brands: Companies making products or services for gamers and the gaming industry.
💡 Tech Enthusiasts: People who love exploring new technology and innovations in gaming.
📹 Gaming Creators & Streamers: Those who create content, stream gameplay, or build gaming communities.
🏆 Esports Players & Organizations: Competitive gamers and teams involved in professional gaming.
🎤 Esports Organizers: Individuals or groups who host esports tournaments and events.
💰 Sponsors: Brands and companies looking to support or invest in gaming and esports.
🕹️ Non-Gamers Curious About Gaming: Anyone interested in learning about or joining the gaming scene.
🔧 Tech Brands & Event Organizers: Companies and professionals shaping the tech and gaming event landscape.
🎨 Product Managers & Design Enthusiasts: Those eager to see innovative product design and user experience in action.

The ✊ GT Revolution is here, and we welcome everyone-no matter your role in the gaming universe-to join us on this journey.
…more
Activate to view larger image,
graphical user interface
Activate to view larger image,
like
24
3 reposts




Paul’s profile photo
Paul Dickinson reposted this


GAMERS TAGGAMERS TAG
23,226 followers23,226 followers
1mo •  1 month ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
We GAMERS TAG proudly present our Brand Profile-our identity, our passion, our promise. 

Brand Tag 📜
Company Profile 🏢
Mission 🚀
Vision 🌟

We are Launching our Super App for Gaming and Esports on 17th May 2025, Stay tuned.....

hashtag#gaming hashtag#gamers hashtag#esports hashtag#gamingindustry hashtag#globalgaming hashtag#app hashtag#applaunch hashtag#brand hashtag#brandprofile hashtag#startup hashtag#startupindia
…more
Activate to view larger image,
No alternative text description for this image
1/4
Activate to view larger image,
likecelebrate
38
1 comment
3 reposts





Show all posts
ExperienceExperience
GAMERS TAG logo
Director of Operations 
Director of Operations 
GAMERS TAG · Self-employedGAMERS TAG · Self-employed
Apr 2023 - Present · 2 yrs 3 mosApr 2023 to Present · 2 yrs 3 mos
Kochi, Kerala, India · RemoteKochi, Kerala, India · Remote
Passionate esports enthusiast leading Gamers Tag's strategic vision and operational excellence. Driving growth, partnerships, and innovation in the world of eGames. As HR Head and Co-founder I am elevating Gamers Tag's talent and culture. Committed to recruiting, developing, and retaining the best esports professionals. Let's build a winning team and an inclusive esports community together.Passionate esports enthusiast leading Gamers Tag's strategic vision and operational excellence. Driving growth, partnerships, and innovation in the world of eGames. As HR Head and Co-founder I am elevating Gamers Tag's talent and culture. Committed to recruiting, developing, and retaining the best esports professionals. Let's build a winning team and an inclusive esports community together.…see more
People Management, Recruiting and +6 skills
Venue Operations and Hospitality Cordinator
Venue Operations and Hospitality Cordinator
Venue Operations and Hospitality Cordinator
Mashal sports - Pro Kabaddi League Season 10 · Full-timeMashal sports - Pro Kabaddi League Season 10 · Full-time
Dec 2023 - Mar 2024 · 4 mosDec 2023 to Mar 2024 · 4 mos
Pune, Maharashtra, India · On-sitePune, Maharashtra, India · On-site
Project Implementation and Communication
Marquee logo
Procurement Manager,Hospitality Coordinator and Pouring Manager at ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2023 
Procurement Manager,Hospitality Coordinator and Pouring Manager at ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2023 
Marquee · FreelanceMarquee · Freelance
Oct 2023 - Nov 2023 · 2 mosOct 2023 to Nov 2023 · 2 mos
Pune, Maharashtra, India · On-sitePune, Maharashtra, India · On-site
Procurement Manager - Leading procurement strategies at ICC Cricket World Cup 2023, ensuring the seamless supply of resources, materials, and services. Contributing to the success of this global sporting event through efficient sourcing, negotiation, and vendor management.
Hospitality Coordinator at ICC Cricket World Cup 2023
Dedicated Hospitality Supervisor - Orchestrating exceptional guest experiences. Overseeing a team committed to delivering top-tier service and making every moment unforgettable for our valued guests.
Pouring Manager for the Stadium -
Successfully managed and executed the beverage service plan for ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup,, ensuring a world-class experience for both spectators and VIP guests.
Implemented innovative pouring techniques and curated a diverse beverage menu to enhance the overall fan experience and meet the unique preferences of a global audience.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to optimize inventory management, resulting in cost savings and reduced waste.
Overseeing the end-to-end pouring process, from procurement to serving, to guarantee a seamless and efficient beverage service during the Cricket World Cup 2023.
Developing and maintaining strong relationships with vendors and suppliers to ensure the availability of high-quality beverages and supplies.
Collaborating with event organizers, hospitality teams, and sponsors to align pouring strategies with the overall event vision.Procurement Manager - Leading procurement strategies at ICC Cricket World Cup 2023, ensuring the seamless supply of resources, materials, and services. Contributing to the success of this global sporting event through efficient sourcing, negotiation, and vendor management. Hospitality Coordinator at ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 Dedicated Hospitality Supervisor - Orchestrating exceptional guest experiences. Overseeing a team committed to delivering top-tier service and making every moment unforgettable for our valued guests. Pouring Manager for the Stadium - Successfully managed and executed the beverage service plan for ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup,, ensuring a world-class experience for both spectators and VIP guests. Implemented innovative pouring techniques and curated a diverse beverage menu to enhance the overall fan experience and meet the unique preferences of a global audience. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to optimize inventory management, resulting in cost savings and reduced waste. Overseeing the end-to-end pouring process, from procurement to serving, to guarantee a seamless and efficient beverage service during the Cricket World Cup 2023. Developing and maintaining strong relationships with vendors and suppliers to ensure the availability of high-quality beverages and supplies. Collaborating with event organizers, hospitality teams, and sponsors to align pouring strategies with the overall event vision.…see more
Corporate Hospitality, Hospitality Service and +8 skills
World Table Tennis logo
Supervisor
Supervisor
World Table Tennis · FreelanceWorld Table Tennis · Freelance
Feb 2023 - Mar 2023 · 2 mosFeb 2023 to Mar 2023 · 2 mos
Goa, India · On-siteGoa, India · On-site
Managed multiple departments for the successful completion of India's first WTT Star Contender Contender Goa 2023. 
- Managing Field of Play (Field Operations). Validation of FOP requirements such as match scheduling - resource allocation - score validation - technical analysis - match scheduling and requirements. 
- Director of Volunteers - Lead 20 volunteers to control and for the smooth movement of athletes in and around practice area, warm up area, player arena, FOP etc. 
- Vendor Management - Looking after the stalls setup inside and outside the stadium. Communication with vendors for the installation of the same. Managed and interacted with different stall owners.
- Resource Management - Communicating with associates for the allocation of specific task for various stakeholders such as spectators, athletes, volunteers, VIPs, VVIPs, event employees, other staffs etc.Managed multiple departments for the successful completion of India's first WTT Star Contender Contender Goa 2023. - Managing Field of Play (Field Operations). Validation of FOP requirements such as match scheduling - resource allocation - score validation - technical analysis - match scheduling and requirements. - Director of Volunteers - Lead 20 volunteers to control and for the smooth movement of athletes in and around practice area, warm up area, player arena, FOP etc. - Vendor Management - Looking after the stalls setup inside and outside the stadium. Communication with vendors for the installation of the same. Managed and interacted with different stall owners. - Resource Management - Communicating with associates for the allocation of specific task for various stakeholders such as spectators, athletes, volunteers, VIPs, VVIPs, event employees, other staffs etc.…see more
Operations Management, Leadership and +5 skills
Ace Nxt Gen logo
Supervisor
Supervisor
Ace Nxt Gen · FreelanceAce Nxt Gen · Freelance
Feb 2023 - Feb 2023 · 1 moFeb 2023 to Feb 2023 · 1 mo
Hyderabad, Telangana, India · On-siteHyderabad, Telangana, India · On-site
2023 Hyderabad E-Prix- ABB FIA Formula E
Vendor Management - Supervised and managed with different vendors for the creation of three layers of defense for Race track, creation of grandstands and bridges. Collaborated with different vendors for the different stalls and shops present in fan village.
Resource Management - Allotted the volunteers available to different areas of race track and through them managed the grandstands, bridges, VIP lounges, entry and exit to the venue.
Crowd Monitoring - Controlled the flow of crowd into the stadium and movement inside the race venue, fan park, food stalls etc. through volunteers and securities.
Fan Village - Supervised the construction of fan village and smooth functioning of it on the event days.2023 Hyderabad E-Prix- ABB FIA Formula E Vendor Management - Supervised and managed with different vendors for the creation of three layers of defense for Race track, creation of grandstands and bridges. Collaborated with different vendors for the different stalls and shops present in fan village. Resource Management - Allotted the volunteers available to different areas of race track and through them managed the grandstands, bridges, VIP lounges, entry and exit to the venue. Crowd Monitoring - Controlled the flow of crowd into the stadium and movement inside the race venue, fan park, food stalls etc. through volunteers and securities. Fan Village - Supervised the construction of fan village and smooth functioning of it on the event days.…see more
Operations Management, People Management and +5 skills
Show all 8 experiences
EducationEducation
AISTS INDIA logo
AISTS INDIA
AISTS INDIA
Master's degree, Sports ManagementMaster's degree, Sports Management
Jan 2022 - Jan 2023Jan 2022 - Jan 2023
Grade: AGrade: A
Participants attend several full-day workshops throughout the programme to experience sport. These sessions are delivered by the sport organisations and federations themselves and provide a unique hands-on experience and well as an ideal opportunity to connect to our alumni and experts working in the industry.Participants attend several full-day workshops throughout the programme to experience sport. These sessions are delivered by the sport organisations and federations themselves and provide a unique hands-on experience and well as an ideal opportunity to connect to our alumni and experts working in the industry.…see more
Communication and Project Implementation
Rajagiri School of Engineering & Technology logo
Rajagiri School of Engineering & Technology
Rajagiri School of Engineering & Technology
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Information TechnologyBachelor of Technology - BTech, Information Technology
2010 - 20142010 - 2014   1. People Management
2. Team Leadership
3. Team Building
4. Project Management
5. Strategic Vision
6. Operational Excellence
7. Business Development
8. Partnership Building
9. Innovation
10. Human Resources Management
11. Recruiting
12. Talent Management
13. Esports
14. Event Management
15. Hospitality Service
16. Vendor Management
17. Procurement Management
18. Inventory Management
19. Field of Play Management
20. Guest Relations
21. Operations Management
22. Volunteer Coordination
23. Resource Allocation
24. Crowd Control
25. Sports Event Planning
26. Program Management
27. Communication
28. Project Implementation
29. Fitness Training
