OUR VISION
At GAMERS TAG, our vision is bold, data-driven, and deeply rooted in purpose. We envision a future where gaming becomes one of the Top 3 career-building industries globally, empowering over 100 million gamers, creators, and innovators by 2030. Our aim is to build the world's largest and most trusted gaming ecosystem, supporting a projected $500B+ global industry. In India alone, we foresee a 4x surge in market valuation by 2025, and we're set to drive this growth through innovation, inclusion, and opportunity.
We are building a future where 12x more tournaments are hosted across regions, tournament prize pools Grow 6x, and the esports audience triples. GAMERS TAG will be the launchpad for over 5,00,000+ gaming and esports jobs, powering dreams and careers alike. From casual gamers and streamers to developers and analysts, we are designing a space where every individual can thrive, monetize their talent, and turn passion into profession with 10M+ user transactions enabling this digital economy.
For brands, publishers, and esports organizations, our vision is to create the most effective partnership pipeline in gaming with 12,000+ brands projected to engage with esports teams for endorsements and sponsorships. We are here to bridge the gap between culture and profession, turning fragmented efforts into unified success. GAMERS TAG is not just shaping the future of gaming we're elevating it to next level and transforming it into a movement that touches every corner of the digital world.


OUR MISSION
At GAMERS TAG, our mission goes far beyond building a gaming platform, we are on a mission to transform the way the entire gaming world connects, grows, and thrives. We aim to increase the market cap of the gaming industry by 10x in the next five years by expanding its horizons and bringing every voice in gaming closer to opportunity. We are in pursuit for bringing multiple impactful features tailored for each stakeholder in the industry, unlocking the full potential of every individual, team, and brand within the gaming ecosystem. We're not just building an app, we're building the world's biggest, most inclusive and exclusive gaming universe.
For our B2C users especially gamers, esports athletes, fans, streamers, creators, developers, organizers, analysts, and tech talents, our mission is to elavate growth, income, and recognition. We want to multiply opportunities, open new revenue streams, and create spaces where individuals can build personal brands, engage with real communities, and turn their love for gaming into a profession. From bringing grassroot esports players to global stage, giving creators wider reach, to promoting streamers add more spotlight, to offering game developers a stage for feedback and discovery. GAMERS TAG is built for every player in the game. GAMERS TAG will simplify networking, fuel endorsements, and help rising stars reach global stages all while growing the culture and build professional career in gaming.
For our B2B, Our mission is to build the most effective pipeline for global brands to effortlessly invest and tap into the gaming sector and easily elavate brand engagement. We aim to be the ultimate bridge between gaming and the world of business, whether it's small gaming teams, esports organizations, game developers, tech brands, consumer brands, or publishers. We enable brands to engage with deeply authentic gaming audiences, collaborate with esports teams, and gain impactful visibility through strategic collaborations. GAMERS TAG help brands and endorsements to bring impactful brand engagements in gaming, and helps brands to easily connect with creators and rising stars to bring their brand presence in global stages.
